Re-word #49856 CHANGELOG entry [ci skip] (#50752)
rails/rails: actionview/CHANGELOG.md

    *Sean Doyle*

*   Rename `ActionView::TestCase::Behavior::Content` to `ActionView::TestCase::Behavior::RenderedViewContent`

>     Make `RenderedViewContent` inherit from `String`. Make private API with `:nodoc:`

Reviewer: Hmm, this line is a bit unclear to me. What is made private API?
Maybe something like:
```suggestion
    `RenderedViewContent` is explicitly made private API and inherits from `String` instead of 
    SimpleDelegator.
```
